how'd you guys I figured it's time to
make another video I have determined
that this engine is not gonna run and I
don't think it ever will because I've
got my compressor to turbine ratio way
too far off my compression was too big
my turbine is too small so this is the
the newer design and I've come up with
it's almost done
one more compressor stage to go and I
think that'll be it maybe two more I
don't know we'll see pretty difficult to
build all these moving parts together
without touching and the tolerances be
very tight you see this is stage 2 as
you can see here and then the stator in
between that I've built and then there's
a another stage inside of there actually
yeah it is sticking out now and then the
stator the last one I'm not good with
the terminology here but I'm gonna have
the engine orders and that's that
and then all of this slides down inside
of this this is the slot here's with the
fuel lines slide along the fuel and the
igniter slide down through here and then
once I get that there I'll have some
kind of very just a little bit wider
than the slit itself a piece of metal
that's slightly concave I'll probably
drill holes all along here and put some
very short screws screws in there but I
have a quarter of an inch of material
it'll go through so I should be able to
put a screw in that to hold that piece
in there without disturbing and any of
the internal workings so this time I
built a linear combustion chamber just a
single one the last time I had multiple
that's the old ones I had something like
this but they did not work actually
worked but uh like I said the problem I
think is my turbine was too small on the
air was being compressed all the way to
the point of exit and you know that's
not the way it should be should be
compressed all the way to the point of
the combustion chamber were to ignite in
it you create even more pressure and you
know you don't need me to explain this
to you hopefully this this design work
still got ways to go this is the rest of
it
will go on there and that's kind of what
it'll look like let's see oh I'll let
you see the turbine
I profiled all the a hand had to hand
cut it but I profiled all of the with a
dremel tool all the blades except for
the stator up here at the front I didn't
do anything to you so you can barely see
the slot with a fire axe that comes out
uh we'll see